docs: add walkthrough for custom MCP server on OCP (#12)
redhat-et/llama-stack-on-ocp: mcp-servers/custom/README.md

# Creating Custom Model Context Protocol (MCP) Server on OpenShift Container Platform (OCP)

> This document is a quick walkthrough of deploying a custom MCP server on OCP 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document is a quick walkthrough of deploying a custom MCP server on OCP. 
```

The guide follows these steps below:

1. Implementing custom tools with MCP tools

> 2. Containerizing by build a quay.io image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Containerizing by build a container image and hosting it on quay.io.
```

3. Deploying image on OCP platform.

## MCP Tool Implementation
Custom tool use are built with one of the selected SDK from MCP. Quick reference and guides are located at:

* https://modelcontextprotocol.io/quickstart/server
* https://modelcontextprotocol.io/examples

> `./mcp_tools.py` is a demonstration of its usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`mcp_tools.py`](mcp_tools.py) is a demonstration of its usage.
```

I think this is right, but this should be a link to the file.

## Quay Image Containerization

> Quay images are required to serve as a blue print on OCP deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Container images are required to serve our MCP servers on OCP.
```
